1. man -k "keyword"
2. /bin/cp /usr/bin/wc
3. X - a portable, network-transparent window system
   w - see who is logged in and what they are doing.
   [ - shell related program. No man pages. 
4. gcc.
5. g-s does the following:
   g - the permissions that other users in the file's group have for it 
   s - set user or group ID on execution 
6. find -mtime -3
7. find / -type d -mtime -3
8. 18
9. stdio-lock.h
10. The LC_* environment variables
11. sort-columns, sort-fields, sort-lines, sort-numeric-fields, 
sort-pages, sort-paragraphs, rmail-sort-by-author, 
rmail-sort-by-correspondent, rmail-sort-by-date,rmail-sort-by-labels,
 rmail-sort-by-lines, rmail-sort-by-recipient,rmail-sort-by-subject,
12.C-a - go to the beginning of the line
   C-b - move one char back
   C-c - In addition to other commands, it serves to change mode
   C-d - Deletes a char
   C-e - move to the end of the line
   C-f - move one char forward
   C-g - cancels a command
   C-h - Combined with other command, it gives info about that command.
   C-i - Inserts a tab
   C-k - Delete(kill) the text (or even an empty line) after the cursor
   C-l - Moves the page around the cursor
   C-m - Insert a new line and move to it
   C-n - Move down one line
   C-o - Insert a new line but keep cursot on current line
   C-p - Move up a line
   C-q - Insert the next command as simple text
   C-r - Search upwards (from cursor to the top of the file)
   C-s - Search
   C-t - Switch this character and the character behind it
   C-u - Print the following character multiple times (specifiable)
   C-v - Move down a page
   C-w - Kill the region
   C-x - Combines with other commands to do stuff "extend"
   C-y - Yank the last kill into the buffer
   C-z - suspend/minimize emacs
13. C-g cancels the command that is currently running in a relatively safe way.
    Also, it allows you to cancel a partially typed command. 
14. Yanking is pasting the last kill into the buffer. 
15. Emacs dired finds a few more files than the ls -l option,
    this is because it lists some subdirectories.
